Homework 05-01 Weekend
During the weekends I want you to take the skills
 you learned during the week and apply them to 
 personal projects. I also send out essay questions,
 please send me your answers. These essay questions 
 will help you remember what topics we covered 
 during the week.
 
Essay Questions
MongoDB for Developers

    What is MongoDB
    What is a MongoDB Collection
    What is a Document and how do you use them in MongoDB?
    What is the find() method used for?
    What is the .pretty used for?
    What is the difference between SQL databases and MongoDB
    How would you add a document in a MongoDB database
    How would you use a projection?
    How do you run a local instance of mongo
    How would you delete a document

Introduction to JavaScript

    How do you set variables in javascript
    What is javascript hoisting
    List 3 javascript datatypes
    What is the order of operations in Javascript
    How do you use conditionals in javascript?
    What is a switch statement, and how would you use one?
    What is a ternary operator
    What is a function?
    What is a function argument?
    What is the "this" keyword in javascript?
    What is a Javascript array?
    What is a Javascript object?
    List 3 types of javascript loops

Modern JavaScript

    Explain the const variable.
    What do you use for modern string interpolation in Javascript
    Explain an arrow function and how you might use one
    What is array destructuring?
    What is the javascript spread operator what is it used for?
    What is Variable Deconstruction in Javascript!
    How does the this keyword work with arrow functions
    How do you pass a javascript object as function arguments by leveraging deconstruction?
    What is a Javascript Promise?
    What is a Javascript fetch Promise and how might you use it?
    What is async and await in javascript and what purpose does it serve in Javascript?
    What is error handling in a Javascript async/await function, and how might you use it?

Extra Ideas:
Diner Menu

    Continue working on your Bottega Diner Menu
    https://bottega.devcamp.com/full-stack-development-javascript-python/guide/build-out-a-diner-menu-using-javascript

Fetch

    Fetch The Following API Data
    https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/users
    console.log the following statement
    Clementine Bauch lives in McKenziehaven and works for Romaguera-Jacobson
    The values you need are the user's name, city, and company name. You will need to find these values inside the data that you get back from the API.
    Extra Credit:
    Render that data to the DOM instead of the console

